1
     From my college experience, I have gained experience communicating effectively with others to accomplish a goal. I worked under a general course tutor program which enables me to work with fellow tutors and students with the goal to help students to learn the material. I have successfully organized review sessions teaching many students difficult material which has led to higher average test scores. 
2 
     I have gained experience working within my engineering field. I have been involved with research a project that deals with developing a gel electrolyte that is meant to endure the rough conditions of space. I have also dealt with numerous projects requiring extensive modeling using Solidworks along with 3D printing using ABS plastic. Additionally, I have acquired training in fabrication safety, welding, and soldering.
3
     I have software experience that compliments my engineering capabilities. Through Python, I am able to automate tasks such as data collection and other organizational needs, increasing overall work efficiency and time saved. Along with Python, I am able to code and operate Arduino software, which has allowed me to contribute to class and personal projects such as operating sensors on an autonomous robot, to creating a personal compass. 
4 
     Even though my undergraduate career has passed, I continually try to gain more skills. I am currently learning about PCBs and circuit analysis with the intent of creating my own custom circuit boards. I also relearn and build upon my software skills in Solidworks, Python, and Arduino through personal projects. I believe that engineering is a continual process of learning from the environment and adapting it to the needs of the user.
PASTE CONCLUSION STATEMENTS BELOW
     I am currently available to be interviewed and would appreciate to get an interview to elaborate further on ways I can contribute to your company. Feel free to contact me at irvcarmi@gmail.com so we can schedule ahead of time. I look forward to meeting you. Thank you for your consideration!
Sincerely,
Irvin Mier                                                                                                                                                                           
PASTE INTRO STATEMENTS BELOW
Greetings,
     I am seeking an entry-level position for your company. I recently graduated from the University of California, Irvine with a bachelors in mechanical engineering. Through my past engineering and leadership experience, I believe I am a good fit for COMPANY.

